HOW CONTENT PAGE NAVIGATION WORKS:
    BASICS:
        -A content uses of a .html file as a template for all the pages of a specific type.
        -The template will then load a .pdf file containing the page's specific content and display the page.
        -Navigation takes advantage of html5's localStorage functionality to avoid needing to parse the url.
            -It will use the session storage to avoid causing clutter and ensuring changes update properly.
        -You need to link the javascript file all the html pages with:
            <script src="/js/java.js"></script>

    CONTENT TYPES:
        -Content pages are divided up by their type.
        -Each type has a directory with an index in the form of a csv file.
            -this lets us easily change the page title and other stuff.
        -As of this file's creation, the possible content types are:
            -info -> easy read informative pages about sjogrens.
            -facts -> the SSF's fact sheets.
            -survive -> survival guides and quality of life advice.

    NAME SCHEME:
        -The javascript requires file names to follow a specific format:
            (type is the content type all lowercase)

            HTML Template (www/):
                type_page.html      (info_page.html)

            Directory (www/):
                type_docs           (info_docs)

            Index (www/type_docs/):
                type_index.csv      (info_index.csv)
            
            Content (www/type_docs/):
                name.pdf            (symptoms.pdf)
            
    INDEX:
        -The .csv file must be a COMMA delimited file. (that means using this thing -> , )
        -Both linux(mac) and windows endline encoding will work.
        -Each line corresponds to one page except the first, that is a header.
            PAGE ID -> whatever you named the file minus the extension (somefile.pdf -> id = somefile)
            PAGE TITLE -> whatever you want to show up in the nav bar as the title.

    ADDING PAGES:
        1. Create the content of the page and save it as a pdf.
        2. Move your new page into its type directory.
        3. Open the index file and add your file.

    MENU PAGE:
        -You need to link in the javascript file with the line:
            <script src="/js/java.js"></script>
        -To actually link to a page the following in the button/href object:
            (id = page_id/name, type = page_type)

                onclick="goto_page(id, type)"

                        or

                Use the wrapper:
                onclick="goto_type(id)"

    WHAT ACTUALLY HAPPENS:
        -index.html (the start page) loads all the indexes and stashes the info in the sessionStorage
            -format key = typeid; value = csv string
        -when navigating to a content page, the menu calls the goto_ function
            -the goto function puts the id and type in storage and redirects to the proper template page.
        -the template page retrieves the id and type from storage
        -the template uses the id and type to fetch the content file
        -at the same time, the template page uses the id to pull a csv string from storage
            -parsing this string gives the template the page title and any other metadata
            -currently is just the title
        -the retrieved data is plugged into the html template and the page is displayed